Some questions to ponder:

What will be the single selling point of the paper? Scripting? It
is not new anymore!

======
Expressible Workflows for Jungle Computing
======


No, I was thinking in syntax and semantics of gscript + interoperability
What point exactly you want to make on syntax and semantics part?
Interoperability seems useful.

Present in detail the syntax of gscript (specification) and the
formalization (in this point we we'll need to work because I think
pi calculus is a good idea and it make the work serious)

We can work on the code to improve the todo list we discussed once.

Do we have a compelling use-case?

I'm working on a alzheimer workflow, maybe we can use it, or do you
suggest something else?  How big is the workflow? The data? Do we
have all data needed for a scaled up run? Is the workflow running
well at the moment? If yes could you point me to a svn or place
from where I can try on my own environment?

The workflow is not huge but it is very scalable in terms of data
because it uses a lot of examples of the adni project. An small
paper is in progress to show the execution on EGI, if that paper
is accepted we can use the workflow to try to reproduce the results,
showing the interoperability point. Moreover, adni is an open
database so data access wont be a problem. However we need the
agreement of asclepios for reusing some tools involved in the
workflow.

In fact, the workflow will be used as use case of another paper to
close the neurolog project (is that a problem?). I can send the
beanshell version and the description (description is part of my
thesis it will be used in the paper of EGI deployment).


What infrastructure we are targetting for producing results? EGI?


EGI sounds good and ideally if you have access to other grid we can
try to address both.  I have access to Teragrid + Open Science Grid.
We will need to build interface to them though which would be a
good work to report on paper and will add to interoperability.


if you have access to them we can adapt the execution of jgasw on
that, it should not take very long, specially if we use saga spec
to implement it... again I can adapt/refactor my code...


    This is going in good direction. Lets keep on building the
    discussion.  At some point I will distill the useful points and
    see where we go. I suggest we do not involve Johan at this
    moment as it is still not very mature work.  Once we really
    have things concrete, we can see what is his reaction.

    Yes I agree, I still remember last time when he told me it is
    not my work and I have other priorities :P Once the idea is
    mature we can propose the outline



    Ketan

    On 5/25/11 6:14 AM, Javier ROJAS BALDERRAMA wrote: Ketan,

    Well I suppose you were busy with baby-related stuff, and now
    your are going to work. So lets try to have the meeting other
    day. If you prefer you can send me the thoughts about the paper,
    I will do the same

    see you, Javier

    On 05/24/2011 05:06 PM, ketan wrote: Shall we talk by Skype
    tomorrow Wednesday 6AM (Chicago time) 1PM Sophia Antipolis time.

    We can discuss the paper structure and contents.

    Which Journal are you planning to Target?


